tidb-cloud: add description for Starter agent plan (#22877)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/branch-overview.md

- For each organization in TiDB Cloud, you can create a maximum of five branches by default across all {{{ .starter }}} and Essential instances. The branches of a {{{ .starter }}} or Essential instance will be created in the same region as the instance, and you cannot create branches for a {{{ .starter }}} or Essential instance that is throttled or larger than 100 GiB.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > To better support agent platform builders who need to create a large number of lightweight instances for their end users, TiDB Cloud offers the **Instance Capacity Plan**. With this plan, each TiDB Cloud organization can create up to 100 free {{{ .starter }}} instances in total, with each branch counted as a separate instance. To learn more, see the [Instance Capacity Plan](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#instance-capacity-plan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > For paid organizations building agent platforms or other services that require a large number of branches, TiDB Cloud offers the **Instance Capacity Plan**, which lets you create more than five branches. To learn more, see the [Instance Capacity Plan](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#instance-capacity-plan).
```
